How about friends we are now in
santa monica california testing the
new and 8 of the brand bmw a vehicle
that we had the opportunity to meet
three years ago already a vehicle that is already
of production and that the truth keeps
a lot of the design elements that
we had been able to observe when
we first met as a
vehicle concept a hybrid vehicle
which has two engines engine
electrical technology that is placed in
the front and that moves just
the front axle and a motor
internal combustion 1.5 liters three
cylinders that is placed in the part
later and that somehow moves
the rear axle a vehicle that is
front- wheel drive in most of the
time but when we started to use
the internal combustion engine is
becomes a traction
Integrates the range that has autonomy
this vehicle is 35 kilometers more or
less at 120 kilometers per hour in the
electric mode and from there we can go
up to an autonomy of almost 440
kilometers when we are using
both technologies and also something very
important is that the top speed of
this vehicle is 250 kilometers
time something also very important is that
all the elements that we see in it
outside are functional nothing of what
is placed in this vehicle is
only of ornament only
aesthetic but really are functional
as we can see in the back
something also very important to emphasize
this vehicle is that it will reach
our market to the Mexican market to
late this year and here in the usa
more or less oscillates around 135
thousand dollars in mexico we will still have
to make some adjustments something
also to stand out from this vehicle is
which is a hybrid plug-in vehicle a
vehicle that we can load in
our house we can load directly
in a fast current charger and
this obviously favors being able to have
a better one better performance thanks
that we can have a capacity
complete of the same batteries that
they are also recharged through the
regeneration that can be done
embassies or also the cargo that
can get directly from the engine of
internal combustion this is the new and 8
of the bmw brand that we are testing
from here from santa mónica california